Description:
	Banner Boy is a simple banner rotation program that uses PHP and MySQL.

Features:
	Banner "zones" may be setup and banners can run in multiple zones.

	Banner Boy can reguritate raw HTML to accomodate other banner programs
	within the framework of Banner Boy.  In fact you can use Banner Boy to
	rotate HTML through zones without any banners at all.

	Banners are displayed sequentially for each zone.  This eliminates the
	problem of using a random number generator to choose the banner, since
	random number generators are usually abysmal in their randomness.

	Banner Boy keeps track of exposures and click-thru's for each banner.

	Banner Boy, since it's PHP doesn't spawn any extra processes therefore
	it's pretty fast compared to traditional CGI banner programs.

Known bugs/limitations:
	Banners are selected using a "bigint" field in a MySQL database which
	is incremented each time a banner in that zone is displayed.  This will
	cause the program to break when the maximum value for that field is
	reached.  (This will happen after 2^64 exposures for a zone.  This won't
	happen in your lifetime.)  Possibly as this field grows the modulus 
	arithmetic that selects the banner will take increasingly longer, slowing
	down the banner display.  A workaround if this happens is to periodically
	zero the "next" field in the "master_zones" table through a crontab.

	The database authentication information is stored in-line in each of
	the files.  It would be safer to include this information in file that
	is NOT in the web servers file space.  Users should be able to implement
	this easily, but I didn't for sake of simplicity.

	The admin tool could look much cooler.

	This was originally written as a stop-gap measure until my department
	decided on which "National Banner Ad" program to dump a bunch of money
	into.  Therefore the coding style is a bit convoluted.  We still use
	Banner Boy.

	It would be nice if the docs were available in other languages other
	than English.  If you are interested converting the code to other 
	languages, email tony@thinkudyne.com

INSTALLATION:
	The author assumes the user has some knowledge of MySQL administration
	and interfacing PHP to MySQL.

	There are three files that comprise Banner Boy: banners.php, the banner
	administration interface; banners.inc, the include file that holds the
	function show_banner($li, $zone); ad_link.php, the file that redirects
	the client to the target URL when a banner is clicked on.

	If you're reading this then you successfully un-tarred the tarball and
	are ready to install the files.  The files can be installed pretty much
	anywhere under your web server directory with the caveat that the admin
	tool (banners.php) should be in a password-protected directory.

	The file schema.sql is the database schema Banner Boy will use to store
	it's information.  The tables can be added to an existing database, or a
	new database can be created just for these tables.  It's beyond the scope
	of this document to address database issues, consult 
	http://www.mysql.com/ for more information.  'cd' to the directory
	schema.sql is stored in and add the tables to your database using the 
	command:
	>mysql -uuser -ppassword database <schema.sql

	All three files will need to have the MySQL host/database/user/password
	set to match the database you installed the Banner Boy tables in.

	In addition, in the file banners.inc you will need to set the variable
	$ad_link_loc.  This is the location of the file ad_link.php as seen by
	the server.  This variable gets copied verbatim into an A HREF statement
	and needs to include the filename ad_link.php.  For example, if you put
	the file ad_link.php in a directory called "banners" under the document
	root of your web server, $ad_link_loc would be set to:
	 '/banners/ad_link.php'.

	Every page that you want to display banners on will need to include the
	file banners.inc which contains the function show_banner($li, $zone).
	For example if banners.inc is located in a directory named "include"
	under the document root of your web server add the line:
	<? include ("$DOCUMENT_ROOT/include/banners.inc") ?> to your page before
	you call the function show_banner().

	Banner Boy uses "zones" to determine where a banner will show up on your
	site.  Zones can be set up for different sections and banners can be
	set to display in certain zones.  If you don't want to zone your ads, just
	set one zone and have all of your ads display in that zone.  Multiple calls
	to show_banner () can be on one page, but if there is more than one call
	to show_banner () with the same zone, you have the possibility of seeing
	a banner twice on the page.

	The administration interface is pretty self-explanatory with a couple of
	quirks you should be aware of.  When you add a new banner it will pre-fill
	http:// in both where the banner is located and where the banner should
	link to.  If you don't want a banner to link, delete the http:// from
	the link field or Banner Boy will link it to http://, which doesn't make
	any sense.

	If you fill in any information in the "Raw HTML" field under "Add new 
	banner", Banner Boy will ignore the banner URL and link URL and just
	reguritate whatever raw HTML you entered in that text area.  This works
	pretty dandy if you are using Banner Boy with any other banner programs
	and want to rotate those banners along with ones only in Banner Boy.
	If you use raw HTML, exposures will be logged, but click-thrus won't
	since there is no way to capture them.

	After you have created a zone, you can use the administration tool to 
	show you what PHP you need to drop into your page to get the banners to
	display for that zone.  Just select the zone from the drop-down menu
	and click "Submit".  The PHP you need to drop in will be displayed.

	Oh, BTW, you need to create at least one zone before you start adding
	banners or it has nowhere to display.  If you add a zone after a banner 
	was entered you can always "Edit" the banner and add it to that zone.  I 
	guess I should've mentioned this earlier.

EPILOGUE:
	If you found this program useful (or not), found the documentation 
	fabulous (or lacking), or found a big fat bug email the author at:
	tony@thinkudyne.com
	

